tornadoes earthquakes volcanic eruptions
hurricanes floods tsunamis fire oh boy
what kind of crazy events these are and
then just when you think you've seen it
all
nature present you with another
startling phenomenon just imagine seeing
a tornado combined with a powerful
forest fire moving stones and waves
frozen in motion these are just a few of
the most amazing mysteries of our planet
just wait there are many more to come
number one volcanic lightning storms now
picture this you're watching a volcano
erupt which is a scary view by itself
but suddenly you notice ominous bright
flashes lighting up the sky over the
volcano it takes the nightmarish nests
of the experience to a whole new level
there is not one but two perfectly good
scientific explanations for the
phenomenon of volcanic lighting one
cause is static electricity which occurs
when dense ash particles rub together
not very high above the ground the other
source of volcanic lightning is high
above the surface near the stratosphere
where chaotically moving ice crystals
set free powerful jolts number two
combustible ice what looks like frozen
flying saucers is in fact packets of
highly flammable and combustible methane
gas trapped under water it forms
psychedelic landscapes and stunning
patterns typical for northern lakes such
as Lake Abraham in Alberta Canada
these bubbles appear when dead animals
leaves and plants fall into the water
and get consumed by bacteria these
bacteria later excrete methane gas but
don't be fooled by the beauty of this
phenomenon when spring comes the ice
melts and the methane bubbles start to
fizz and pop in a most amazing way
you wouldn't want to light a match in
the area you could provoke a massive
explosion on top of that methane is the
gas which creates a greenhouse effect
and therefore warms up the planet number
3 cocooned trees in 2010 Pakistan
experienced the worst flood in the
country's history this natural disaster
hit more than 14 million people with ten
years worth of rainfall covering the
country in less than a week people lost
their homes
countless buildings were completely
ruined and rivers burst over their banks
but something unique and unexpected came
from the aftermath of the fly tons of
insects had to look for a shelter above
the ground and spiders chose to nestle
in trees as a result they cocooned their
new homes in such thick spiderwebs they
were visible from a distance
honestly this view gives me chills there
must be thousands of spiders lurking in
these trees
number 4 frozen waves imagine you're
surfing a perfect wave and then it
suddenly freezes well it sure sounds
creepy but couldn't possibly happen in
real life right wrong you can see mind
blowing frozen waves in Antarctica these
waves occur when ice gets compressed and
the ever increasing pressure squeezes
the air bubbles out ask for the
beautiful blue color it's the result of
ice melting and refreezing number 5 blue
couette Gian volcano in Indonesia is not
your ordinary lava belching mountain
instead of producing black smoke in red
lava as most volcanoes do this eccentric
guy lets out a blue flame and electric
blue lava this phenomenon occurs because
the volcano contains some of the highest
levels of sulfur in the world and when
sulfuric gases interact with scorching
air and get lit by the molten lava they
start to turn blue unfortunately you can
see this mesmerizing sight only at night
by the way the world's largest acid lake
is also located inside this crater
number 6 fairy circles if you ever set
foot on the arid soil of the Namib
Desert in Namibia prepare yourself for
an eerie picture you'll see countless
circular patches between six feet to
fifty feet in diameter organized in a
honeycomb like pattern they stretch
across 1,500 miles toward the horizon
these patches are also known as fairy
circles and you might be disappointed by
the explanation of this mystery no one
knows for sure the origin of these
circles even though there are numerous
theories from the radioactivity of the
soil to the activity of sand termites
number seven wandering stones storms
that travel are also called sailing
stones because they seem to move across
the dry lakebed of racetrack playa in
Death Valley National Park California as
the stones move they leave behind a
creepy trail which used to have
scientists baffled after all some of the
boulders weigh more than 660 pounds on
top of that some of the trails are
curved while others are mostly straight
with unexpected turns to the right or
the left
but eventually NASA experts cracked the
mystery in 2006 it turns out that in
winter the lake fills with water
covering the boulders at the bottom in
ice and since ice is pretty buoyant
under water movements and winds make the
stones
across the lake bed in their wake they
leave bizarre tracks only seen when the
water evaporates in the summer number
eight Haier ice you can see this
phenomenon in the forest on a humid
winter night resembling cotton candy or
a white hair wig unusual ice crystals
grow on rotting wood unfortunately this
beauty melts as soon as the Sun comes up
only recently have scientists discovered
what creates hair ice all this time it
was are you ready
fungus it allows ice to form super thin
hairs and helps them to support this
form throughout the night when this
particular form of fungus isn't present
instead of fragile hair ice forms a
crust like structure number nine fire in
a doze if you ever see a tight burning
column of air don't panic it's not the
apocalypse yet
the creepy combination of whirlwind
sounds and scorching inferno means that
you have crossed paths with a fire
tornado this dangerous phenomenon mostly
occurs during wildfires these fires
create a big area of super hot air just
above the ground when the scorching air
gets mixed with a cooler air higher up
it creates a whirlwind that churns up
burning debris in flames
the most powerful fire and a dose can
stretch hundreds of feet into the sky
number 10 Black Sun in Denmark people
experienced blackout type effects on a
pretty regular basis just look how weird
it is but it gets even more bizarre when
you find out that bird
the cause of this unusual phenomenon
every spring and fall
millions of starlings begin their annual
migration from Sweden Finland and Norway
toward Britain Belgium and France and
Denmark is the lucky place where you can
observe sort soil the Danish name for
black Sun the birds travel in large
flocks which makes it easier to exchange
information and stay warm before the
birds land they perform movements that
look like dancing but in fact they are
making different formations in an
attempt to shoot predators away and
although the birds fly in highly
synchronized patterns people think that
the huge flop changes its shape
chaotically dark Sun lasts only 20
minutes during sunset and you have to be
either fast or lucky to see this
phenomenon number 11 rainbow trees if
you travel to the Philippines Indonesia
or Papua New Guinea you'll have a chance
to see some of the most unusual and
cheerful trees in the world the trunk of
the rainbow eucalyptus looks as if it
has been painted orange green red purple
yellow brown blue you name it some trees
are so bright that they seem artificial
the rainbow eucalyptus regularly shed
strips of bark which reveals a bright
green layer underneath a bit later this
green layer gradually changes its colour
and since the shredding happens at a
different time in different places on
the trunk the tree starts to look
multicolored and very attractive so do
you know any other rare natural
phenomena if so write about them in the
comment section below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and subscribe to
this channel to stay on the bright side
of life
you